Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
KILL BOKSOON
SEVEN YEARS AGO
He looks even younger than me.
Why do you think he needs to die?
He looks like a classic pervert.
The type to spike a girl's drink
and kill her to classical music.
Really?
No.
He has the face of a goddamn angel.
MY FATHER IS INNOCENT
CAN'T STAND THE INJUSTICE
I NO LONGER WANT TO BE A BURDEN
FATHER. PLEASE FORGIVE ME
FOR LEAVING FIRST
PWINCESS
VLADIVOSTOK
A double.
KILL BOKSOON
Kill that Asian bastard!
Don't back away! You fucking bastard!
Cease fire!
That's not him.
Over there!
SO-RA
PWINCESS
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org